Anything that is not code:

"Bad Apple!!" is a derivative work based on the Touhou Project, a series of
games and media created by Team Shanghai Alice and
its sole developer, ZUN (Jun'ya Ōta).

All rights to the Touhou Project, its characters, and associated music belong
to ZUN and Team Shanghai Alice. "Bad Apple!!" and its various adaptations
(such as the shadow-art music video) are creations by their respective authors,
who retain the rights to their original contributions.

For inquiries about licensing or usage, please consult Team Shanghai Alice’s
official guidelines on derivative works: https://touhou-project.com

This notice does not constitute legal advice. Use of "Bad Apple!!" or Touhou
Project materials must comply with applicable copyright laws and guidelines
set by the copyright holders.

Anything that is code:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 Jeremy Gao

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
